Polish docs for installing airbyte on Plural (#9461)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/deploying-airbyte/on-plural.md

plural bundle install airbyte airbyte-aws
```

> Plural's airbyte distribution currently has support for AWS, GCP and Azure set up and ready to go, feel free to pick whichever best fits your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plural's Airbyte distribution currently has support for AWS, GCP, and Azure set up and ready to go, so feel free to pick whichever best fits your infrastructure.
```

The CLI will prompt you to choose whether or not you want to use Plural OIDC, which means you're using Plural as your identity provider for SSO.

After this, run:

```bash
plural build
plural deploy --commit "deploying airbyte"
```

## Adding the Plural Console

> To make management of your installation as simple as possible, including scaling, receiving automated upgrades and getting out-of-the-box dashboarding and log aggregation, we definitely recommending also installing the plural console.  This can be done using the exact same process as above:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To make management of your installation as simple as possible, we recommend installing the Plural console. The Plural console provides resource scaling, automated upgrades, out-of-the-box dashboarding, and log aggregation. This can be done using the exact same process as above:
```

```bash
plural bundle install console console-aws
plural build
plural deploy --commit "deploying the console too"
```

## Accessing your Airbyte Installation

Now, just head over to airbyte.SUBDOMAIN_NAME.onplural.sh to access the Airbyte UI.

## Accessing your Console Installation

To monitor and manage your Airbyte installation, head over to the Plural Console at console.YOUR_ORGANIZATION.onplural.sh (or whichever subdomain you chose).

## Further Reading

> To learn more about

Reviewer: I think something was missing here?
